ICICI Lombard Elevate Health Insurance
offers a customizable health policy with
various add-ons and optional benefits
providing flexibility in coverage and a
range of features. Core coverage
includes a sum insured ranging from 5
lak rupees to unlimited. It covers
inpatient hospitalization, daycare
treatments, pre and post hospitalization
medical expenses up to 90 days before
and 180 days after hospitalization and
aush treatments. Doiciliary
hospitalization is available for home
treatments lasting over three days. Road
and air ambulance services are covered
up to the sum insured. Organ donor
expenses, surrogacy, and oasite donor
cover are also included with no
co-ayment or disease sublims, ensuring
full coverage without additional costs
or caps. Special benefits and add-ons
include one, unlimited reset benefit,
unlimited resets of the sum insured
within a policy year if exhausted. Two,
infinite care lifetime claim coverage
for one major claim of choice. Three,
worldwide cashless cover up to three cr
rupees for cashless hospitalization
abroad, including planned treatment.
Four, jumpstart infinite assurance rider
reduces waiting periods for specific
pre-existing diseases to 30 days. Five,
power booster 100% increase in some
insured every policy year, regardless of
claims. Six, cashless everywhere
cashless treatment at non-et network
hospitals across India. Seven, OPD plus
benefit cover for teleconultations,
tests, medicines and dental care
optional. Eight, convolescence benefit
lumpsum support after prolonged
hospitalization. Nine, wellness rewards
points earned for health activities
redeemable for renewal discounts up to
30%.
No medical checkup is required for
individuals under 45 years old when
opting for coverage up to 10 lak rupees.
There is an unlimited sum insured option
to protect against high medical
expenses. The health coverage is 100%
GST free as part of an introductory
offer. Policy holders gain access to
over 11,000 cashless hospitals and 247
support through the ILCare app.
Additionally, there are optional custom
waiting periods tailored to individual
medical histories and needs. Premiums
for unlimited or high coverage plans are
generally higher compared to standard
plans. ICICI Lombard's average claim
settlement ratio is approximately 84 to
86% which is slightly below the industry
average. The plan offers over 30
add-ons, making it complex. Seeking
professional advice may be beneficial to
tailor benefits effectively.
Thank you for watching and please
subscribe and follow for more videos.